=for comment
Cupcake Manual Pages
(c) Kristian Klomsten Skordal 2012 <kristian.skordal@gmail.com>
Report bugs and issues on <http://github.com/skordal/cupcake/issues>
=end comment

=head1 NAME

Cupcake.Graphics - Graphics operations package

=head1 USAGE

	with Cupcake.Graphics;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Cupcake.Graphics> package contains methods and types for doing graphic
operations in windows and components. Operations are done through a graphics
context object which maintains neccessary state and other information needed
to render window contents.

=head1 TYPES

	type Context_Record is tagged private;
	type Context is access all Context_Record'Class;

=head1 CONTEXT CREATION AND DESTRUCTION

	function New_Context(Backend_Data : in Backend_Data_Ptr; Size : in Primitives.Dimension)
		return Context;
	function New_Context(Parent : in Context; Translation : in Primitives.Point
		Size : in Primitives.Dimension) return Context;

Creates a new graphics context. The first form is used in the window creation process to
create a new graphics context for an entire window.

The second form is used to create graphics context for various parts of the window,
such as for components. The specified translation is added to all coordinates passed 
to drawing methods for the returned graphics context. The size specifies the size of
the context area.

	procedure Destroy(Object : in Context);

Destroys a graphics context object.

=head1 CONTEXT OPERATIONS

	procedure Set_Size(This : in out Context_Record'Class; New_Size : in Primitives.Dimension);
	function Get_Size(This : in Context_Record'Class) return Primitives.Dimension;

Sets and gets the size of a graphics context object.

=head1 DRAWING OPERATIONS

	procedure Fill(This : in Context_Record'Class; Color : in Colors.Color;
		Shape : in Primitives.Rectangle);

Fills the specified shape with the specified colour.

=head1 AUTHOR

The Cupcake toolkit is written by Kristian Klomsten Skordal. New releases
and bug tracking can be found on its GitHub page, at
L<http://github.com/skordal/cupcake>.


