=for comment
Cupcake Manual Pages
(c) Kristian Klomsten Skordal 2012 <kristian.skordal@gmail.com>
Report bugs and issues on <http://github.com/skordal/cupcake/issues>
=end comment

=head1 NAME

Cupcake - Cupcake top-level package

=head1 USAGE

	with Cupcake;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The top-level Cupcake package contains general methods and constants
for the Cupcake toolkit.

=head1 INITIALIZATION AND FINALIZATION

	procedure Initialize;

This procedure must be called before any other Cupcake functionality is
utilized. It initializes the windowing system backend and other important
sub-systems.

	procedure Finalize

This function cleans up after you are done using Cupcake. It must be the
I<last> Cupcake function called.

=head1 MAIN LOOP

	procedure Main_Loop;

This procedure enters the main loop. When the main loop terminates, the
procedure returns.

	procedure Main_Loop_Terminate

This procedure can be used in event handlers to exit from the main loop.

=head1 EXCEPTIONS

	Initialization_Exception : exception;

This exception is raised if an error occurs during backend initialization.
It contains an error message which may explain more about the cause of
the exception.

=head1 CONSTANTS

	VERSION_MAJOR    : constant := <major version>;
	VERSION_MINOR    : constant := <minor version>;
	VERSION_REVISION : constant := <revision number>;

The VERSION_* constants contain the current version of the Cupcake library.

=head1 AUTHOR

The Cupcake toolkit is written by Kristian Klomsten Skordal. New releases
and bug tracking can be found on its GitHub page, at
L<http://github.com/skordal/cupcake>.

