=for comment
Cupcake Manual Pages
(c) Kristian Klomsten Skordal 2012 <kristian.skordal@gmail.com>
Report bugs and issues on <http://github.com/skordal/cupcake/issues>
=end comment

=head1 NAME

Cupcake.Windows - Cupcake window management package

=head1 USAGE

	with Cupcake.Windows;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Cupcake.Windows> package contains methods and types for managing windows
and dialogues.

=head1 TYPES

	type Window_Record is tagged private;
	type Window is access all Window_Record'Class;

=head1 WINDOW CREATION AND DESTRUCTION

	function New_Window(Width, Height : in Positive; Title : in String) return Window;
	function New_Window(Size : in Primitives.Dimension; Title : in String) return Window;

Creates a new window with the specified dimensions and title. The window is not
shown on the screen until C<Show> is called on the window.

	procedure Destroy(Object : in Window);

Destroys a window by freeing the allocated resources. If the window is currently
visible on the screen, it is closed and then destroyed.

=head1 WINDOW OPERATIONS

	procedure Show(This : in Window_Record'Class)

Shows the specified window on the screen.

	procedure Close(This : in Window_Record'Class)

Closes the specified window. Closed windows receive no events.

	function Get_Size(This : in Window_Record'Clas) return Primitives.Dimension;

Gets the window size as a C<Primitives.Dimension> object.

	function Get_Background_Color(This : in Window_Record'Class) return Colors.Color;

Gets the background color of the window.

	procedure Set_Background_Color(This : out Window_Record'Class; Color : in Colors.Color);

Sets the background color of the window.

=head1 AUTHOR

The Cupcake toolkit is written by Kristian Klomsten Skordal. New releases
and bug tracking can be found on its GitHub page, at
L<http://github.com/skordal/cupcake>.

